So that's it.
You're just gonna run?
Feds were waiting for us.
Now we're on Iron Man's radar?
Yeah, I'm running.
You should too.
You know I can't do that.
So now what?
Mason, can you get that high-altitude
seal thing up and running in time?
Seriously?
Yes. You will not regret this.
You in?
Peter, you're a good kid
and you're a smart kid...
...so just try to keep
your head straight, okay?
Okay.
All right, get out of here.
Are you expelled?
Do you have to go to that high school
where the principal has a crossbow?
Pretty sure that's an urban
myth, and, no, I'm not expelled.
You're so lucky.
Hey.
- Hey.
- I thought you had calculus fifth period.
Yeah, I was just doing
some homecoming stuff.
Hey, look, I, uh--
I just wanted to apologize
about the whole decathlon thing.
It's fine.
Last week, decathlon was the most
important thing, but then I almost died.
No, I'm--
I just mean that...
...it was not
cool, especially...
...because...
...I like you.
I know.
You do?
You're terrible at
keeping secrets.
Yeah, you'd be surprised.
I got to get to class, but, um--
I'd say we should hang out, but
I'm gonna be in detention for...
- Uh-huh.
- ...ever, but, um--
I guess you already have
a date to homecoming.
Actually, I was so busy planning it, I
never really got around to that part, so--
Uh, do you want to...
...go with me?
Yeah. Sure.
Really? I mean,
uh, great. Cool.
Cool.
I'm actually going that way.
Um....
May, I need your help.
♪ Two dozen other dirty lovers ♪
♪ Must be a sucker for it ♪
♪ I don't know how I'm meant
to act With all of you lot ♪
♪ Sometimes you don't
try Just now, now, now ♪
Through or around?
♪ Now, now, now ♪
- Right?
- Heh-heh.
♪ Your legs give way
You hit the ground ♪
♪ Save it for later ♪
♪ Don't run away
and let me down ♪
♪ You let me down ♪
It's game day.
So, what's the plan?
- Open the door for her.
- Mm-hm.
Tell her she looks nice, but not
too much because that's creepy.
- Don't be creepy.
- No.
When I dance with her, I'm
putting my hands on her hips.
I got this.
♪ Save it for later ♪
- Love you.
- Bye.
♪ Sooner or later ♪
♪ You hit the deck
You get found out ♪
♪ Save it for later ♪
♪ You let me down ♪♪
You must be Peter.
Yeah.
I'm Liz's dad.
Put her there.
Hell of a grip.
Come on in here. Come on.
Hi, Peter.
You look very handsome.
Thank you.
You got his name right?
- Freddie?
- Peter.
- Peter. Peter.
- Heh.
I'm gonna go get Liz.
Okay.
You all right, Pete?
Yeah.
Because you look pale.
You want something to drink?
A bourbon or a Scotch,
or something like that?
I'm not old enough to drink.
That's the right answer.
Wow.
- Wow, wow, wow. Do you look beautiful.
- Please don't embarrass me, Dad.
Doesn't she, Pete?
Yeah, you look really good.
Once again, that's
the right answer.
Is that a corsage?
Thanks.
Well, hey, I'm your chauffeur, so,
uh, let's get this show on the road.
No, no, no, we have to take
some pictures, babe. All right.
- Oh, right here. Perfect.
- Mom.
Okay. Come on, you guys.
Peter, closer.
Smile.
There you go.
Oh....
- Sir, you don't have to drive us.
- No, no, it's not a big deal.
I'm going out of town.
It's right on my way.
- He's always going. Have fun.
- Last time.
- Thank you.
- Promise.
- He's cute.
- Shh.
- See you in a couple of days. All right.
- Bye, baby.
Come on, Pedro.
- Bye, Peter. Have fun.
- Yeah, I will.
- What are you gonna do, Pete?
- What?
When you graduate,
what do you think you'll do?
- Oh, um, I don't know.
- Don't grill him, Dad.
Just saying, you know.
All you guys who
go to that school...
...you pretty much have
your life planned out, right?
Yeah, no, I'm just a sophomore.
Peter has an internship with Tony Stark.
I think he doesn't have to worry.
- Really? Stark?
- Mm-hm.
So cool.
What do you do?
Yeah, actually, I don't
intern for him anymore.
- Seriously?
- Yeah, it got, um...
...boring.
It was boring?
You got to hang out with Spider-Man.
Really? Spider-Man?
Wow. What's he like?
Yeah, he's nice.
Nice man.
Solid dude.
Hmm.
Look. So cute.
Aww....
I've seen you around,
right? I mean...
...somewhere. We've, uh--
Have we ever--?
Because even the voice--
Um, he does Academic
Decathlon with me.
- Oh.
- And he was at my party.
It was a great party,
really great, yeah.
- Beautiful house, a lot of windows. Heh.
- You were there for, like, two seconds.
That was-- I was there
longer than two seconds.
- You disappeared.
- No. No, I did not disappear.
Yes, you did. You disappeared like
you always do, like you did in D.C. too.
That's terrible what happened
down there in D.C., though.
Were you scared?
I'll bet you were glad when
your old pal Spider-Man...
...showed up in the
elevator, though, huh?
Yeah, well, I
actually didn't go up.
I saw it all from the ground.
Yeah.
Very lucky that he
was there that day.
Good old Spider-Man.
Dad, the light.
Here we are.
End of the line.
Thanks, Dad.
You head in there, gumdrop.
I'm gonna give Peter
the, uh, "dad" talk.
Don't let him intimidate you.
Love you.
- Love you, gumdrop.
- Have a safe flight.
Hi.
You guys look so pretty.
Does she know?
Know what?
So she doesn't. Good.
Close to the vest.
I admire that.
I've got a few
secrets of my own.
Of all the reasons I didn't
want my daughter to date....
Peter...
...nothing is more
important than family.
You saved my daughter's life.
I could never forget
something like that.
So I'm gonna give
you one chance.
Are you ready?
You walk through those doors,
you forget any of this happened...
...and don't you ever, ever...
...interfere with
my business again.
Because if you do...
...I'll kill you...
...and everybody you love.
I'll kill you dead.
That's what I'll do to protect
my family. Do you understand?
Hey.
I just saved your life.
Now, what do you say?
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Now, you go on in there and you
show my daughter a good time, okay?
Just not too good.
♪ I saw your eyes ♪
♪ And it made me cry ♪
Hey.
♪ And for a little while ♪
What did he say to you?
♪ I was falling in love ♪♪
Gotta go.
I'm sorry.
You don't deserve this.
Thunder! Thunder! Thunder!
Are we cool?
It's Hulk in a hot tub.
So how long have
you been like that?
Like what?
Like this. Big, and
green, and stupid.
Hulk always Hulk.
How'd you get here?
Winning.
You mean cheating, huh?
Were they wearing one
of these when you won?
How'd you arrive here?
Quinjet.
Yes. Now, where
is the Quinjet now?
That's naked.
He's very naked. Hmm.
It's in my brain now.
Quinjet.
Yes!
I'm getting us out of here.
This is a terrible, awful place.
You're gonna love Asgard.
It's big. It's golden. Shiny.
Hulk stay.
No, no, no. My people
need me to get back to Asgard.
We must prevent Ragnarok.
Ragnarok?
The prophesied death
of my home world.
The end of days,
it's the end of...
If you help me get
back to Asgard...
I can help you get
back to Earth. Huh?
Earth hate Hulk.
Earth loves Hulk.
They love you.
You're one of the Avengers.
One of the team,
one of our friends.
This is what friends do.
They support each other.
You're Banner's friend.
I'm not Banner's friend.
I prefer you.
Banner's friend.
I don't even like Banner.
"I'm into numbers
and science and stuff."
Thor go.
Hulk stay.
Fine.
Stay here.
Stupid place.
It's hideous, by the way.
The red, the white.
Just pick a color. Ridiculous.
Smash you.
You didn't smash anything.
I won that fight.
- I smashed you.
- Yeah, sure, sure.
- Baby arms.
- What?
Baby.
Moron!
You big child.
Thor go!
I am going.
Thor go again.
Thor home.
Hulk trains.
That's great.
Have fun.
- Hey, big guy.
- Angry girl.
What have you been up to?
Winning.
Heimdall, I know you can see me.
I need you to help me.
Help me see.
I see you, but you're far away.
What's going on here?
Come see for yourself.
I'm providing refuge
in a stronghold
built by our ancestors.
But if the garrison falls,
our only escape is Bifrost.
You're talking about
evacuating Asgard?
We won't last long if we stay.
She draws her power from Asgard
and grows stronger every day.
Come on.
Hela is ravenous.
If I let her leave,
she'll consume Nine Realms
and all the cosmos.
We need you.
I'm working on it.
But I don't even know
where the hell I am.
You're on a planet surrounded
by doorways. Go through one.
- Which one?
- The big one.
He gave you a choice.
- You chose wrong.
- What the hell?
What's with the crappy costume?
My web-shooters.
I wasn't sure about this
thing at first, but damn.
Ugh. Gross.
- Why did he send you here?
- Guess you'll never know.
Nice shot!
Yes!
Ned, the guy with
the wings is Liz's dad.
- What?
- I gotta tell Mr. Stark.
Call Happy Hogan.
He's Mr. Stark's head of security.
Get a computer
and track my phone.
- Will you be okay?
- Hurry, we gotta catch him...
...before he leaves town.
I'm sorry about dinner...
...but I know when branzino's fresh,
and that was not fresh, okay? So--
Flash, I need your
car and phone.
Uh, sir, technically, this is
my dad's car, sir. So I can't--
Hello, Ned?
Hey, hey, can you hear me?
- Go for Ned.
- Ned, I need you...
- ...to track my phone.
- Yeah, but where is it?
Genius move. Okay, he just passed
the GameStop on Jackson Avenue.
Hey, where are the headlights
on this thing? I'm in Flash's car.
- I'll pull the specs.
- Okay, you're on speakerphone.
- You stole Flash's car. Awesome.
- Yeah, it's awesome. It's--
Get out of the way,
get out of the way! Move!
- Are you okay?
- I've never driven before...
...only with May in parking lots.
This is a huge step up.
Hey, have you gotten
through to Happy yet?
Yeah. I'm working on it. I just
gotta backdoor the phone system.
Guy in the chair.
Takeoff in nine minutes.
- Hello? Hello? Who is this?
- Uh....
- Mr. Happy, it's Ned.
- Who?
I'm an associate of Peter Parker.
Got something very important to tell you--
You gotta be shitting me.
Damn.
Hey, Ned, how we coming
on with those headlights?
Round knob to the left of the
steering wheel, turn clockwise.
Left, okay.
Okay, perfect. So where's
my phone now?
Um....
He stopped in an old
industrial park in Brooklyn.
What? That makes no sense.
He said he was going out of town.
Weird. Oh, I reached Mr. Happy.
Don't think he likes you, by the way.
It sounded like he
was catching a flight.
He said something about
taking off in nine minutes.
- What?
- He was surrounded by boxes.
Boxes?
It's moving day.
He's gonna rob that plane.
I gotta stop him!
All right, wheels up
in eight minutes.
We just got to load Tony's
old Hulkbuster armor...
...prototype for Cap's new
shield, and the Meging--
The Meg-- The--
Thor's magic belt.
Okay, slow down.
You're getting close. It's on your right.
- What?
- Turn right.
- Peter. Are you okay?
- Yeah.
Just keep trying to
get through to Happy.
It's been an honor, Spider-Man.
What are you doing here?
There's a dance.
Uh....
I'm...
...looking...
...at porn.
Thor sad.
Shut up.
I'm not sad, you idiot.
- I'm pissed off!
- Oh.
Angry.
I lost my father.
I lost my hammer.
- You're not even listening.
- Whining and crying.
Cry like baby.
Don't kick stuff.
You're being a
really bad friend.
You bad friend!
- You know what we call you?
- No.
We call you the stupid Avenger.
You're tiny Avenger!
What, are you crazy?
Yes.
You know what?
Earth does hate you.
No. Mmm-mmm.
I'm sorry I said those things.
You're not the stupid Avenger.
Nobody calls you
the stupid Avenger.
It's okay.
You just can't go
around throwing shields
at people. Could have killed me.
I know. I'm sorry.
I just get so
angry all the time.
Hulk always, always angry.
I know. We're the
same, you and I.
We're just a couple
of hot-headed fools.
Yeah, same. Hulk like
fire, Thor like water.
We're kind of both like fire.
But Hulk like real fire.
Hulk like raging fire.
Thor like smoldering fire.
Hulk, I need you to
do something for me.
Hmm?
Angry girl.
What's going on? What are you...
You're so thick-headed
that you can't tell...
when someone's
hiding all the way across
the universe and
wants to be left alone.
- We need to talk.
- No, you wanna talk to me.
I need her to stay.
Stay?
Block.
Stay.
- Please.
All right.
Here's the deal.
I'll listen to you...
till this is empty.
Asgard is in danger
and people are dying.
We need to get back there.
I need your help.
Wow.
Finished. Bye.
Odin is dead.
Hela, the Goddess of Death,
has invaded Asgard.
If Hela's back, then
Asgard's already lost.
I'm going to stop her.
- Alone?
- Nope.
I'm putting together a team.
It's me, you, and the big guy.
No. No team. Only Hulk.
It's me and you.
I think it's only you.
Wait. Just listen.
The Valkyrie are legend.
Elite warriors of Asgard
sworn to defend the throne.
I'm not getting dragged into
another one of Odin's
family squabbles.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- Your sister.
Her power comes from
Asgard, same as yours.
When it grew
beyond Odin's control
she massacred everyone
in the palace...
and tried to seize the throne.
When she tried to escape
her banishment...
he sent the Valkyrie
in to fight her back.
I only survived because...
Look, I already faced her once
back when I believed
in the throne...
and it cost me everything.
That's what's wrong with Asgard.
The throne, the secrets,
the whole golden sham.
I agree.
Don't get familiar.
That's why I turned
down the throne.
But this isn't about the crown.
This is about the people.
They're dying and
they're your people, too.
Forget it.
I have.
- Okay.
- Good. Great.
- Great.
Thank you.
- For what?
- For this.
Didn't see that, did you?
There... That's better.
You know, go ahead.
Stay here and enslave
people for that lunatic.
Keep drinking, keep hiding.
But me...
I choose to run
toward my problems
and not away from them.
Because that's what...
Because that's what heroes do.
Friend stay!
Yes!
All right.
Come on.
Welcome.
Voice activation required.
Thor.
Access denied.
Uh... Thor, son of Odin.
God of Thunder.
Access denied.
Strongest Avenger.
Damn you, Stark.
Point Break.
Welcome, Point Break.
Friend stay!
No, no, no! Stop!
Stay!
Stop! Stop breaking everything!
Don't go!
Nice work, big guy.
We don't know
where Ultron's headed,
but you're going
very high, very fast.
So, I need you to turn
this bird around, okay?
We can't track you
in stealth mode...
so I need you to
help me out. Okay?
I need you to...
No! No, Banner!
Oh, jeez.
Banner.
Hey, hey, hey.
You all right, Banner?
Sun's going down.
That's it, breathe.
I won't hurt you.
Sun's going down.
- Thor.
- Yeah.
What happened to your hair?
Some creepy old man cut it off.
- It looks good.
- Oh, thanks.
Where are we?
Oh, how's Nat?
- Uh, Nat is good, I'm sure.
- Is she okay?
- And what about Sokovia?
- Sokovia?
The city, Sokovia.
Did we save it?
- Banner, listen.
- What?
Sokovia. Ultron.
That was two years ago.
- What are you saying?
- Well...
What?
I've been Hulk for two years?
I'm afraid so.
What the hell happened?
Banner, there's something
you should know.
Voice activation required.
Banner.
Welcome, strongest Avenger.
Uh, what?
Ship's log.
Thor, where are we?
Yeah, about that.
Sakaar, hear ye.
Attention please.
I have some bad news.
My beloved exalted champion
has turned up missing.
Take to the streets.
Celebrate my champion.
Who's that?
He kind of runs the place.
You actually lived at
his house for awhile.
- I did?
- Yeah.
Quite a lot's happened.
You and I had a fight recently.
- Did I win?
- No, I won. Easily.
Doesn't sound right.
Well, it's true.
It seems that that
criminally seductive
Lord of Thunder
has stolen him away.
Seductive God of Thunder.
We need to move.
Oh, no.
This is bad.
This is really, really bad.
Thor, I think I'm freaking out.
No, no, no.
Don't freak out.
You're okay. Put these on.
These are Tony's clothes.
- I know, come on.
- Is he here?
No, he's not here. But listen.
Just stay calm, okay?
The sun's going down.
The sun's getting really low.
Sun's going down.
I'm upset!
I'm very upset.
You know what I like about being upset?
The blame.
Right now, that's the
mindset that I'm in.
And you know who I'm blaming?
- Grandmaster, I can...
- Hey!
Don't interrupt me!
Here you go.
Why are you handing
me the melt stick?
He was interrupting.
That's not a capital violation.
Where was I?
My precious champion
has come up missing...
and it's all because
of that Lord of Thunder.
It's all because of him.
Your brother.
Whatever the story is.
Adopted, or complicated.
I'm sure there's a big history.
And your contender...
My dear friend...
if you were to give me 12 hours,
I could bring them both
back to you. Alive.
I could do it in two.
I could do it in one.
Let's stop there.
You know what?
I woke up this morning
thinking about a
public execution.
But for now, I'll settle
for this sweet little...
"Who's gonna get him first?"
So, you're on the clock.
What have you done?
I don't answer to you, lackey.
It's Loki.
And you will answer
to the Grandmaster.
Hmm.
Why would you help my brother
escape with that green fool?
I don't help anyone.
You're a Valkyrie.
I thought the Valkyrie had
all died gruesome deaths.
Choose your next words wisely.
I'm terribly sorry.
Must be a very painful memory.
Hey!
Surprised?
Oh, hey, Pete.
I didn't hear you come in.
It's over. I've got you.
You know, I gotta
tell you, Pete...
...I really, really
admire your grit.
I see why Liz likes you.
I do. When you first
came to the house...
...I wasn't sure. I thought,
"Really?" But I get it now.
How could you do this to her?
To her? I'm not doing
anything to her, Pete.
I'm doing this for her.
Hm. Yeah.
Peter...
...you're young.
You don't understand
how the world works.
But I understand that selling
weapons to criminals is wrong.
How do you think your buddy
Stark paid for that tower?
Or any of his little toys?
Those people, Pete,
those people up there...
...the rich and the powerful,
they do whatever they want.
Guys like us...
...like you and me...
...they don't care about us.
We build their roads,
and we fight all their wars...
...and everything, but
they don't care about us.
We have to pick up after them.
We have to eat their table scraps.
That's how it is.
I know you know what
I'm talking about, Peter.
Why are you telling me this?
Because I want
you to understand.
And...
...I needed a little time
to get her airborne.
I'm sorry, Peter.
What are you talking about?
That thing hasn't even touched me yet.
True. Then again...
...wasn't really trying to.
Chief, they're
powering up engines.
- Okay. Yeah, yeah.
- Come on, come on, come on.
The sun's going down.
It's getting really low.
- It's getting real low.
- Oh, shoot.
- Sun's getting low.
- Would you stop saying that?
I just need you to stay calm.
Calm? I'm on an alien planet!
It's just a planet.
You've been on a planet before.
Yeah. One.
Now you've been on two.
That's a good thing.
It's a new experience.
My neurons,
they're firing faster
than my brain can
handle the information.
The whole thing is
totally different this time.
In the past, I always
felt like Hulk and I
each had a hand on the wheel.
But this time,
it's like he had the keys
to the car and I was
locked in the trunk.
All right, well, you're back now.
That's all that matters.
No, it's not what matters.
What I'm trying
to tell you, is that
if I turn into the Hulk again...
Banner may never come back.
And we're stranded on a planet
that is designed
to stress me out.
We're not stranded.
I'm gonna figure out
a way to get us home.
Thank you.
Not your home, though.
Asgard. My home.
What?
Listen, my people
are in great danger.
You and I, we have to fight
this really powerful being...
who also happens
to be my sister.
Okay, that is so
wrong on so many...
I don't wanna fight your sister.
That's a family issue.
No, she's an evil being.
I don't care what she is.
I'm not fighting any more
beings. I'm sick of it.
- What?
- I just told you.
If I turn into the Hulk,
I am never gonna
come back again.
And you don't care.
No, no. I'm putting
together the team.
The Hulk is the fire.
Wait, you're just using
me to get to the Hulk.
- What? No!
- It's gross.
You don't care about me.
You're not my friend.
No! I don't even like the Hulk.
He's all like...
"Smash, smash, smash."
I prefer you.
Thanks.
But if I'm being honest,
when it comes to
fighting evil beings...
he is very powerful and useful.
Yeah, Banner's powerful
and useful, too.
Is he though?
How many PhDs does Hulk have?
Zero.
How many PhDs does Banner have?
Seven.
Fine, you don't have
to fight anyone.
But we're in danger here,
so we have to move.
What are you doing with that?
I need a disguise.
I'm a fugitive.
- I need a disguise.
- You are the disguise.
- I'll be Tony Stark.
- What?
Yeah. Tony and the gypsy.
No, no, you're not Tony.
You're Bruce. Bruce Banner.
Then why did you
dress me up like Tony?
Because you were naked.
Okay, I'll give you that.
What are you doing?
Stop doing that!
Tony wears his
pants super tight.
- Stop it!
- I'm sorry.
- Why are you being so weird?
- I don't know.
Maybe the fact that I was
trapped for two years...
inside of a monster
made me a little weird.
Hey. Shh. It's okay.
You're good. Calm down.
Come on.
Listen, we're gonna
go to Asgard...
and you're not gonna
have to think about
the Hulk ever again.
- All right?
- All right.
Hulk!
Oh. This is bad.
Banner! Banner!
Banner!
Thor!
Hi.
I was gonna do that.
Yeah, well, I did it first.
That's good.
What are you doing here?
I thought you were leaving.
I got sidetracked.
What's with the...
It's my disguise.
But I can see your face.
Not when I do this, you can't.
Your hair looks nice.
I like what you did with it.
Change it?
Washed it maybe?
What are those
things on her eyes?
Are those the people
that she's killed?
She's so beautiful and
strong and courageous.
Who is this guy?
- He's a friend.
- Who? Me?
- I'm Bruce.
- I feel like I know you.
I feel like I know you, too.
Look, I've spent
years in a haze,
- trying to forget my past.
- Mmm.
Sakaar seemed
like the best place
to drink and forget,
and to die one day.
I was thinking that
you drink too much,
and that probably
was gonna kill you.
I don't plan to stop drinking.
- Oh.
- But I don't wanna forget.
I can't turn away anymore...
so if I'm gonna die...
well, it may as well
be driving my sword
through the heart of
that murderous hag.
- Good.
- Yeah.
So, I'm saying that I
wanna be on the team.
Has it got a name?
Yeah, it's called the Revengers.
Revengers?
Because I'm getting revenge.
You're getting revenge.
Do you want revenge?
I'm undecided.
Okay.
Also, I've got a peace offering.
Surprise.
Ow.
Just had to be sure.
Hello, Bruce.
So, last time I saw you,
you were trying
to kill everybody.
Where are you at these days?
It varies from moment to moment.
Is that a Dragonfang?
It is.
My God.
This is the famed
sword of the Valkyrie.
Sakaar and Asgard
are about as far apart
as any two known systems.
Our best bet is a wormhole
just outside of city limits.
Refuel on Xandar, and
we can be back in Asgard
in 18 months.
Nope. We are going
through the big one.
The Devil's Anus?
Anus?
Wait, wait, wait. Whose anus?
For the record, I didn't know
it was called that
when I picked it.
That looks like a
collapsing neutron star...
inside of an
Einstein-Rosen Bridge.
We need another ship.
That would tear mine to pieces.
She's right. We need
one that can withstand
the geodetic strain
from the singularity.
And has an offline
power steering system...
that could also function
without the on-board computer.
And we need one
with cup holders,
because we're gonna die.
So, drinks!
Do I know you?
I feel like I know you.
I feel like I know you,
too. It's weird.
What do you say?
Uncharted metagalactic travel
through a volatile
cosmic gateway.
Talk about an adventure.
- We need a ship.
- Need a ship.
There are one or two ships.
Absolute top of
the line models...
I don't mean to impose...
But the Grandmaster
has a great many ships.
I may even have stolen
the access codes to
his security system.
And suddenly you're overcome
with an urge to
do the right thing.
Heavens, no.
I've run out of favor
with the Grandmaster...
and in exchange for codes
and access to a ship...
I'm asking for safe passage…
through the Anus.
You're telling us
that you can get us
access into the garage...
without setting off any alarms?
Yes, brother. I can.
Okay, can I just... A quick FYI.
I was just talking to him
just a couple minutes ago...
and he was totally
ready to kill any of us.
He did try to kill me.
Yes, me too.
On many, many occasions.
There was one time
when we were children...
he transformed
himself into a snake,
and he knows that I love snakes.
So, I went to pick up
the snake to admire it...
and he transformed
back into himself
and he was like,
"Yeah, it's me!"
And he stabbed me.
We were eight at the time.
If we're boosting a ship...
we're gonna need to draw some
guards away from the palace.
Why not set the beast loose?
Shut up.
You guys have a beast?
No, there's no beast.
He's just being stupid.
We're going to
start a revolution.
- Revolution?
- I'll explain later.
- Who's this guy again?
Is that some sort of protoplasm,
all the stuff that's
coming out of you...
or are they eggs?
Looks like eggs.
Oh!
I'm looking for Korg.
Who's asking?
I know you're asking.
Is anyone else asking,
or is it just you?
The Lord of Thunder
sends his best.
The revolution has begun.
Revolution? How did this happen?
Don't know.
But the arena's mainframe
for the Obedience Disks
have been deactivated...
and the slaves have
armed themselves.
Oh. I don't like that word.
Which? Mainframe?
No. Why would I
not like "mainframe"?
No, the "S" word.
Sorry, the prisoners with jobs
have armed themselves.
Okay, that's better.
Hey, so, listen. We should talk.
I disagree.
Open communication
was never our family's forte.
You have no idea.
Been quite the revelation
since we last spoke.
Hello.
Hi.
Odin brought us together.
It's almost poetic that his
death should split us apart.
We might as well
be strangers now.
Two sons of the
crown, set adrift.
Oh.
Thought you didn't
wanna talk about it.
Here's the thing.
I'm probably better off
staying here on Sakaar.
That's exactly
what I was thinking.
Did you just agree with me?
Come on, this place
is perfect for you.
It's savage, chaotic, lawless...
Brother, you're
gonna do great here.
Do you truly think
so little of me?
Loki, I thought
the world of you.
I thought we were gonna
fight side by side forever.
But at the end of the day,
you're you and I'm me.
I don't know, maybe
there's still good in you.
But let's be honest,
our paths diverged
a long time ago.
Yeah.
It's probably for the best
that we never see
each other again.
That's what you always wanted.
Hey, let's do "Get Help."
- What?
- "Get Help."
No.
- Come on, you love it.
- I hate it.
It's great. It works every time.
- It's humiliating.
- Do you have a better plan?
- No.
- We're doing it.
We are not doing "Get Help."
Get help! Please!
My brother, he's dying.
Get help! Help him!
Classic.
Still hate it.
- It's humiliating.
- Not for me, it's not.
Now, which one's the
ship she told us to get?
The Commodore.
Right.
Though I feel it won't
make much of a difference.
Oh, Loki.
I know I've betrayed
you many times before...
but this time it's
truly nothing personal.
The reward for your capture
will set me up nicely.
Never one for sentiment,
were you?
Easier to let it burn.
I agree.
Oh, that looks painful.
Oh, dear brother, you're
becoming predictable.
I trust you, you betray me.
Round and round
in circles we go.
See, Loki, life is
about, it's about growth.
It's about change.
But you seem to just
wanna stay the same.
I guess what
I'm trying to say...
is that you'll always
be the God of Mischief...
but you could be more.
I'll just put this
over here for you.
Anyway, all got places
to be, so good luck.
Okay, ready?
Hello?
Hello!
Please, hey.
Hey, please.
I'm down here.
I'm stuck.
I can't move. I can't--
If you're nothing without this
suit, then you shouldn't have it.
Come on, Peter.
Come on, Spider-Man.
Come on, Spider-Man!
Launch for intercept.
Green light. Green light.
Oh, yeah.
Retroreflective panels engaged.
Got a visual on the plane,
but I'm feeling a little resistance.
It's probably just drag
on the new turbines.
Look out for the cloaking cameras.
Stay in the blind spots.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Deploying high-altitude
vacuum seal.
This better work, Mason.
Trust me, boss, even one of those
boxes and we are set for life.
Yeah.
You have 30 seconds
to get to the cockpit...
...and override their security.
Cloning transponder signal.
Launching decoy drone.
Whoa.
Entering new coordinates.
Good, so it's on its way.
- Yes, sir, right on course.
- Okay, thank you.
All right.
Hot dog.
Just a typical homecoming...
...on the outside
of an invisible jet...
...fighting my girlfriend's dad.
Oh, God!
I can't believe that worked.
Chief, they're losing altitude.
Get out of there.
I'm not going home empty-handed.
Oh, my God.
- Get out. What are you doing?
- Please turn, please turn!
Hey, Pedro.
Bingo.
Your wingsuit.
Your wingsuit's
going to explode!
Time to go home, Pete.
I'm trying to save you!
No.
All right, I can
figure this out.
It's just another spaceship.
Loyal Sakaarians...
Lord of Thunder
has stolen my ship
and my favorite champion.
Sakaarians, take to the skies.
Bring him down.
Do not let him
leave this planet.
- Good shot!
- Thanks.
Open the doors.
Okay.
I hope that you're
tougher than you look.
Why?
Shouldn't we be shooting
back or something?
Yes, we should.
Where are the guns on this ship?
There aren't any.
- It's a leisure vessel.
- What?
Grandmaster uses
it for his good times,
orgies and stuff.
Did she just say the Grandmaster
uses it for orgies?
Yeah.
Don't touch anything.
No!
- No!
Get inside!
In a minute.
I should probably go and help.
Here, take the wheel.
No. I don't know how
to fly one of these.
You're a scientist.
Use one of your PhDs.
None of them are for
flying alien spaceships!
Okay, come on.
There's gotta be
a gun on this thing.
That looks like a gun.
♪ It's my birthday
Yeah!
Guys, we're coming
up on the Devil's Anus!
There she is.
Our ticket out of here.
Hey, what's this?
Thank you.
Hey, man. We're about to jump
on that ginormous spaceship.
You wanna come?
You do seem like
you're in desperate
need of leadership.
Why, thank you.
Here we go.
Shit.
It looked so insane.
That whole--
Like, it was just crazy.
He-- He was just, like:
- And you were like, "Aah!"
- Shh.
And then I just hit him
with the: whoosh.
It was so-- Oh, my God.
I mean, you saved me.
It was awesome.
Hey, Liz.
I'm gonna miss you.
Bye.
Liz.
Liz, look, I'm so sorry.
You say that a lot.
What are you sorry for this time?
The dance?
That, um, was a pretty
crappy thing to do.
Well, yeah, but I--
I mean, your dad-- I can't imagine
what you're going through.
If there's anything
I can do to help....
I guess we're moving to Oregon.
Mom says it's nice there,
so that's cool.
Anyways, Dad doesn't want
us here during the trial. So....
Liz, I-- I--
Bye, Peter.
Whatever's going on with you,
I hope you figure it out.
Congratulations, decathlon
national champions.
- Yeah!
- Ha-ha.
I'll have to put this back
in the trophy case soon...
...but just for motivation
right now at this practice.
I'm ahead of the game,
but we will need...
...a new team captain next year.
So I am appointing Michelle.
Yeah!
Uh, thank you.
My-- My friends call me MJ.
I thought you didn't
have any friends.
I didn't.
- I, uh, gotta go.
- Hey, where you going?
What are you hiding, Peter?
I'm just kidding.
I don't care. Bye.
- All right, so we should run some drills.
- Yeah.
Hey, Happy. What, uh--?
What are you doing here?
I really owe you one.
I don't know what I
would do without this job.
I mean, before I met Tony--
So, uh, how long you been here?
Long enough to be awkward.
Boss wants to see you.
- Is he here too?
- In the toilet? No, he's upstate.
Upstate-- Like,
"upstate" upstate?
Yeah, let's go.
- You don't see that every day.
- Oh, there they are.
How was the ride up?
- Good.
- Give me a minute with the kid.
- Seriously?
- Yeah.
I gotta talk to the kid.
I'll be close behind.
How about a loose follow? All right?
Boundaries are good.
Sorry I took your suit.
You had it coming.
Actually, it turns out it was...
...the perfect tough-love
moment that you needed.
To urge you on, right?
Wouldn't you think? Don't you think?
- I guess.
- Let's just say it was.
- Mr. Stark, I really--
- You screwed the pooch hard, bigtime.
But then you did
the right thing.
Took the dog to the free clinic,
you raised the hybrid puppies....
All right, not my best analogy.
I was wrong about you.
I think, with a little
more mentoring...
...you could be a
real asset to the team.
- To the--? To the team?
- Yeah. Anyway...
...there's about 50 reporters behind
that door. Real ones, not bloggers.
When you're ready...
...why don't you try that on?
And I'll introduce the world to the
newest official member of the Avengers:
Spider-Man.
I....
Yeah, give that a look.
After the press conference,
Happy will show you to your room...
...your new quarters.
Where's he between?
He's next to Vision?
- Yeah, Vision's not big on doors.
- It's fun.
Or walls.
You'll fit right in.
Thank you, Mr. Stark.
But I'm good.
You're good? Good--?
How are you good?
Well, I mean, I'd rather just stay
on the ground for a little while.
Friendly neighborhood
Spider-Man.
Somebody's got to look
out for the little guy, right?
You're turning me down?
You better think about this.
Look at that.
Look at me.
Last chance. Yes or no?
- No.
- Okay.
It's kind of a Springsteen-y,
working-class hero vibe that I dig.
Uh, Happy will take you home.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Mind waiting in the car?
I need a minute.
- Thank you, Mr. Stark.
- Yes, Mr. Parker, very well.
- See you around.
- Okay.
That was a test, right?
- There's nobody back there?
- Yes, you passed.
- All right, skedaddle there, young buck.
- Thank you, Mr. Stark.
Yeah, thank you.
Told you he's a good kid.
- Where's the kid?
- He left.
- Everybody's waiting.
- He actually made a mature choice.
- It just surprised the heck out of us.
- Did you screw this up?
- He told the kid to go wait in the car.
- Are you kidding?
I have a room full of people
in there waiting...
...for some big announcement.
What will I tell them?
Think of something.
How about, um...?
- Hap, you still got that ring?
- Do I--? I--?
- The engagement ring.
- Are you kidding?
I've been carrying
this since 2008.
Okay.
I think I can think of
something better than that.
Well, it would
buy us a little time.
Like we need time.
I can't believe you
have that in your pocket.
- Want me to get the door for you, hon?
- I got it.
Aunt May, did you
do dinner already?
May?
What the fu--?!
Look who it is.
What are the odds you and I'd
end up at the same summer camp?
Relax.
This? It's not on you.
It's on our, uh,
little spider friend.
I've got some boys on the outside
who would love to meet him.
You know, take a picture, slice
his throat, put his head in a dryer.
And I heard a rumor.
You know who he is.
If I knew who he was...
...he'd already be dead.
Toomes, your family's here!
Oh, boy.
Oh.
I just gotta say,
I'm proud of you all.
This revolution has been
a huge success. Yay, us!
Pat on the back.
Come on. No?
Me too. 'Cause I've been
a big part of it.
Can't have a revolution
without somebody to overthrow.
So, you're welcome.
And, uh, it's a tie.